Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...Sign in to like videos, comment, and subscribe. Loading... We were unable to complete the request, please try again later. Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Working... Loading playlists...【海外网4月18日|战疫全时区】 根据美国约翰斯⋅霍普金斯大学新冠肺炎疫情统计数据显示，截至北京时间4月18日7时左右，全球新冠肺炎确诊病例超223万例，共计2234109例，累计死亡逾15万例，共计153379例。 美国累计确诊近70万例 累计死亡超3.2万例 根据美国约翰斯⋅霍普金斯大学新冠肺炎疫情统计数据显示，截至北京时间4月18日7时左右，美国累计确诊699105例，近70万例，死亡36727例。 意大利累计确诊逾17万例 累计死亡超2.2万 据意大利民事保护部门表示，当地时间17日，意大利报告新增新冠肺炎确诊病例3493例，累计172434例；新增死亡病例575例，累计死亡22745例。 法国累计确诊逾10.9万 累计死亡逾1.8万 当地时间17日晚，法国卫生总署署长萨洛蒙在疫情发布会上表示，截至17日14时法国新冠肺炎确诊病例增至109252例，24小时内新增405例。医院死亡病例增至11478例，失能养老院的死亡人数增至7203例，总计死亡人数达到18681例，新增761例。 英国累计确诊逾10万例 累计死亡超1.4万例 当地时间17日，英国卫生部发布的最新消息显示，英国单日新增5599例新冠肺炎确诊病例，累计确诊108692例；新增死亡病例847例，累计死亡病例升至14576例。 土耳其累计确诊逾7.8万 累计死亡1769例 当地时间4月17日下午，土耳其卫生部长科贾在社交媒体上发文表示，当天进行了40270次新冠病毒检测，其中4353人检测结果呈阳性。至此，土耳其累计确诊新冠肺炎78546例。当天新增126例死亡病例，累计死亡1769例。当天治愈1542例，累计治愈8631例。（海外网 张霓）  感谢您的反馈，我们将会减少此类文章的推荐We've detected that JavaScript is disabled in your browser. Would you like to proceed to legacy Twitter? YesWe've detected that JavaScript is disabled in your browser. Would you like to proceed to legacy Twitter? YesAndalusian premier to call on prime minister to allow relaxation of confinement measures in his region first, given low infection rate The coalition government is finalizing its plans for the system, which will be introduced in May and will benefit households in poverty During a conference call with the regions’ chiefs, Pedro Sánchez called for a strengthening of primary care systems ahead of the deescalation of the coronavirus lockdown The Covid-19 health crisis could become a major economic crisis if the response is not commensurate to the needs The government is planning spaces where asymptomatic carriers could be quarantined, but mechanisms must exist to ensure the initiative respects the fundamental rights of individuals Owner of the security company watching the diplomatic building ordered a baby diaper stolen in a bid to find DNA Under Operation Balmis, more than 8,000 soldiers in Spain are doing what they can every day to support the fight against Covid-19, from building field hospitals and disinfecting senior residences, to transporting the bodies of victims We also catch up with Chris Dottie, the president of the British Chamber of Commerce, and Martin Makepeace, the president of the British Association of San Antonio, Ibiza Health centers have expressed their appreciation for the noisy scenes of gratitude that were organized to pay tribute to everyone working while the country is in lockdown While it is too early to know the full extent of the fallout from Iranian General Qassim Suleimani’s assassination, there is no doubt that it will be significant Be careful. Those who buy into con artists’ tricks do much more damage than con artists themselves Populism. Polarization. Post-truth. These are the drivers of today’s politics In English, the word ‘accountability’ means to take responsibility for one’s actions, but in Spanish there is no such term US student Nell Snow was an intern at the English Edition of EL PAÍS in Madrid – until the coronavirus epidemic broke out and forced her to make some difficult choicesAndalusian premier to call on prime minister to allow relaxation of confinement measures in his region first, given low infection rate The coalition government is finalizing its plans for the system, which will be introduced in May and will benefit households in poverty During a conference call with the regions’ chiefs, Pedro Sánchez called for a strengthening of primary care systems ahead of the deescalation of the coronavirus lockdown The Covid-19 health crisis could become a major economic crisis if the response is not commensurate to the needs The government is planning spaces where asymptomatic carriers could be quarantined, but mechanisms must exist to ensure the initiative respects the fundamental rights of individuals Owner of the security company watching the diplomatic building ordered a baby diaper stolen in a bid to find DNA Under Operation Balmis, more than 8,000 soldiers in Spain are doing what they can every day to support the fight against Covid-19, from building field hospitals and disinfecting senior residences, to transporting the bodies of victims We also catch up with Chris Dottie, the president of the British Chamber of Commerce, and Martin Makepeace, the president of the British Association of San Antonio, Ibiza Health centers have expressed their appreciation for the noisy scenes of gratitude that were organized to pay tribute to everyone working while the country is in lockdown While it is too early to know the full extent of the fallout from Iranian General Qassim Suleimani’s assassination, there is no doubt that it will be significant Be careful. Those who buy into con artists’ tricks do much more damage than con artists themselves Populism. Polarization. Post-truth. These are the drivers of today’s politics In English, the word ‘accountability’ means to take responsibility for one’s actions, but in Spanish there is no such term US student Nell Snow was an intern at the English Edition of EL PAÍS in Madrid – until the coronavirus epidemic broke out and forced her to make some difficult choicesAndalusian premier to call on prime minister to allow relaxation of confinement measures in his region first, given low infection rate The coalition government is finalizing its plans for the system, which will be introduced in May and will benefit households in poverty During a conference call with the regions’ chiefs, Pedro Sánchez called for a strengthening of primary care systems ahead of the deescalation of the coronavirus lockdown The Covid-19 health crisis could become a major economic crisis if the response is not commensurate to the needs The government is planning spaces where asymptomatic carriers could be quarantined, but mechanisms must exist to ensure the initiative respects the fundamental rights of individuals Owner of the security company watching the diplomatic building ordered a baby diaper stolen in a bid to find DNA Under Operation Balmis, more than 8,000 soldiers in Spain are doing what they can every day to support the fight against Covid-19, from building field hospitals and disinfecting senior residences, to transporting the bodies of victims We also catch up with Chris Dottie, the president of the British Chamber of Commerce, and Martin Makepeace, the president of the British Association of San Antonio, Ibiza Health centers have expressed their appreciation for the noisy scenes of gratitude that were organized to pay tribute to everyone working while the country is in lockdown While it is too early to know the full extent of the fallout from Iranian General Qassim Suleimani’s assassination, there is no doubt that it will be significant Be careful. Those who buy into con artists’ tricks do much more damage than con artists themselves Populism. Polarization. Post-truth. These are the drivers of today’s politics In English, the word ‘accountability’ means to take responsibility for one’s actions, but in Spanish there is no such term US student Nell Snow was an intern at the English Edition of EL PAÍS in Madrid – until the coronavirus epidemic broke out and forced her to make some difficult choices