You have no items in your shopping cart. PRODUCT AVAILABILITY: Update Regarding the Evolving COVID-19 Situation Bio-Techne appreciates the critical role that you and our products and services play in research efforts to further scientific innovation and discovery. We are continually assessing our manufacturing and supplier capabilities during the COVID-19 situation and are implementing precautionary measures to ensure uninterrupted supply of products and services. Currently, and as we abide by local shelter in place orders across the world, we are fully operational and do not anticipate any material supply disruptions across our Bio-Techne brands and product lines. As the situation evolves, our goal is to utilize preventive measures to reduce the threat that COVID-19 poses to our ability to meet the needs of our customers globally. Bio-Techne WHERE SCIENCE INTERSECTS INNOVATIONTM Revolutionary RNAscope® and BaseScope™ Assays Search RNAscope® Control and Target Probes Available for >13,000 targets across >140 species including gene families and signaling pathways targets. Probes for new targets available in 2 weeks.   Biopharma Feature With RNAscope® and BaseScope™ Assays Learn More Biopharma Feature With RNAscope® and BaseScope™ Assays Learn More Biopharma Feature With RNAscope® Assays Learn More Biopharma Feature With RNAscope® Assays Learn More Fig 7: Detection of G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) in mouse brain hippocampus using the RNAscope® Multiplex Fluorescent assay on Fresh Frozen tissue samples: Cnr1 (Green) and Drd1 (Red). Cells are counterstained with DAPI. Fig 8: Fluorescent detection of ion channels. Detection of Asic1 (Green) and Kcnj3 (Red) in mouse brain hippocampus using the RNAscope® Multiplex Fluorescent assay on Fresh Frozen tissue samples. Fig 9: Detection of transcription factor immediate early gene and activity marker Cfos (Green) and GPCR Chrm3 (Red) in mouse hippocampus using the RNAscope® Multiplex Fluorescent assay on Fresh Frozen samples. Cells are counterstained with DAPI. Fig 10: Detection of the effector immediate early gene and plasticity marker Arc (Green) and GPCR Drd1 (Red) in mouse brain striatum using the RNAscope® Multiplex Fluorescent assay on Fresh Frozen tissue samples. Fig 11: Detection of G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) in normal mouse brain hippocampus using RNAscope®2.5 HD Duplex Chromogenic assay on FFPE tissue samples: Cnr1 (Red) and Drd1 (Green). Cells are counterstained with hematoxylin. Fig 12: Detection of G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) in normal mouse brain hippocampus using RNAscope®2.5 HD Duplex Chromogenic assay on FFPE tissue samples: Cnr1 (Red) and Drd1 (Green). Cells are counterstained with hematoxylin.  Today's Featured Data  Step-by-step instructions to help you find the right products and accessories, learn best practices and get the best results from your assay. Go to Buying Guide Get high quality gene expression data in just a few weeks. Learn more Work smarter - Not harder Sigal et al. used 46 RNAscope® probes to thoroughly characterize the gastric antral gland stem cell niche. See publication Mark the Pathway Analyze all genes of a pathway with RNAscope® ISH assays e.g. WNT/ β-catenin pathway | JAK/STAT signaling pathway | Akt Signaling Pathway. Visualize all genes of a pathway Validate your data Use RNAscope® ISH as a validation tool applied downstream of discoveries made with NGS, Microarrays, NanoString nCounter. See publications Visualize the invisible Use RNAscope® assays to detect & visualize long non-coding RNA. Visualize targets like long non-coding RNAs Stay curious for new discoveries Use RNAscope® assays to detect and characterize new markers and targets. See publication on novel targets Combine for Divine Analyze RNA and protein simultaneously with ISH & IHC on the same tissue section. Learn more on dual ISH/IHC Get Advice from Experts Watch webinars for tips & tricks or presentations from our customers. Browse all webinars Keep calm and read the famous manual See all available manuals, check-lists and supporting literature. Browse all manuals & documents Take cellfies not selfies View examples of RNA visualization with our RNAscope® products. See examples of gene expressions in different tissues Reveal in true colors Detect up to four targets - take advantage of the RNAscope® multiplexing capability. See all multiplexing publications Enabling research, drug development (CDx) and diagnostics Visit Bio-Techne and its other brands For Research Use Only. Not for diagnostic use. Refer to appropriate regulations. RNAscope is a registered trademark; and HybEZ, EZ-Batch and DNAscope are trademarks of Advanced Cell Diagnostics, Inc. in the United States and other countries. All rights reserved. ©2020 Advanced Cell Diagnostics, Inc.  Complete one of the two forms below and we will get back to you. Our new headquarters office starting May 2016: 7707 Gateway Blvd. Newark, CA 94560 Toll Free: 1 (877) 576-3636 Phone: (510) 576-8800 Fax: (510) 576-8798  19 Barton Lane Abingdon Science Park Abingdon OX14 3NB United Kingdom Phone 2: +44 1235 529449 Fax: +44 1235 533420   Advanced Cell Diagnostics China Building 15, No. 26 Xihuan South Road Beijing Economic-Technological Development Area Beijing, China, Zip code: 100176 400-966-1796 info_china.ACD@bio-techne.com For general information: Leon.Li@bio-techne.com Web: www.acdbio.com/cn For general information: Info.ACD@bio-techne.com For place an order: order.ACD@bio-techne.com For product support: support.ACD@bio-techne.com For career opportunities: hr.ACD@bio-techne.com